1. Project code submission is due on March 5, 2024 (Tuesday) during 05:30 p.m. to 08:30 p.m. Ensure that you are not submitting any piece of plagiarized code.

2. A submission with wrong group number will not be considered for evaluation.

3. Any one member of the team will be allowed to submit the code.

4. All members of the team are advised to be present together (in-person or online as per their convenience) at the time of code submission. This is to ensure that the submission includes all files correctly and does not have plagiarized code in it.

5. Create a folder and name it as your group number (Group_01, Group_12, ....etc.). This folder must contain the following files

grammar.txt
coding details.pdf (Download the attached docx file, type in the details and submit the pdf)
lexerDef.h
lexer.c
lexer.h
parserDef.h
parser.h
parser.c
driver.c
makefile
testcases (should be available in your group folder directly)
any other files(token file, auxiliary functions, file containing first and follow sets if you are manually computing these, and so on which you might have used) 6. Group folder should not have any subfolder in it.

7. Do not include \*.o and stage1exe in the above folder for uploading.

8. Files for each of the testcases generated by you should be named using the prefix testcase followed by the number, followed by the extension 'txt', e.g. testcase5.txt, testcase2.txt, etc.

9. Submit only those testcases with which your code works well. I will be using my testcases as well for evaluation, but asking you to submit the testcases gives me a scope to verify your lexer and parser with your testcases as well.

10. Ensure that the makefile is named as makefile (and no other name is used for it). Check the file dependencies to ensure correct working of the makefile.

11. Ensure that the driver supports the five options for execution as were earlier mentioned.

12. Verify that each file (except any input file you use in your code) has in its first 5-6 lines your group number, Ids and names of all team members in comment. Do not forget to comment these. Unnamed files will not be evaluated.

13. Ensure the compatibility of your code with the GCC specifications given earlier.

14. Refresh the course webpage (Nalanda) to verify that you have not missed out any updates. Go through all details and ensure that nothing is left out which you would have preferred to incorporate in your code.

15. Compress the group folder using zip ( of type group\_#.zip, where # represents your group number ) to upload. (Other formats such as tar, gz, and rar etc. will not be accepted)

16. Fill up the given proforma with the necessary details.

17. Ensure that the code you are intending to submit is not plagiarized.

18. Any one of the team members' Nalanda account should be used for submission. A duplicate submission may carry a penalty in terms of deduction of marks.

19. Submit your file Group\_#.zip (# represents your group number) through the course page (https://nalanda-aws.bits-pilani.ac.in/). The link will be made available as per the specified date and time. Avoid last minute submission. If you find any problem in uploading the files through the given link, please do not panic and do not send any code through email. Code sent through email will not be accepted . In case of any problem in uploading your file, contact me over an email.

20. Submission will be complete after successfully uploading the zip file as per the above details.

21. Teams not following the submission guidelines, will be penalized appropriately.

In case of doubts, please contact me through email.
